Now we will create a Hello World application that simply returns "Hello World" to any HTTP requests. This is a sample application that will help you get Node.js set up, which you can replace with your own application—just make sure that you modify your application to listen on the appropriate IP addresses and ports.

Because we want our Node.js application to serve requests that come from our reverse proxy server (web) we will use our app server’s private network interface for inter-server communication. Look up your app server’s private network address.

If you are using a DigitalOcean Droplet as your server, you may look up the server’s private IP address through the Metadata service. On the app server, use the curl command to retrieve the IP address now:
```
curl -sw "\n" http://169.254.169.254/metadata/v1/interfaces/private/0/ipv4/address
``` 
You will want to copy the output (the private IP address), as it will be used to configure the Node.js application.

Next, create and open your Node.js application for editing. For this tutorial, we will use vi to edit a sample application called hello.js:
```
vi hello.js
``` 
Insert the following code into the file, and be sure to substitute the app server’s private IP address for both of the highlighted APP_PRIVATE_IP_ADDRESS items. If you want to, you may also replace the highlighted port, 8080, in both locations (be sure to use a non-admin port, i.e. 1024 or greater):

hello.js
```
var http = require('http');
http.createServer(function (req, res) {
  res.writeHead(200, {'Content-Type': 'text/plain'});
  res.end('Hello World\n');
}).listen(8080, 'APP_PRIVATE_IP_ADDRESS');
console.log('Server running at http://APP_PRIVATE_IP_ADDRESS:8080/');
```
Now save and exit by pressing ESC to exit --INSERT-- mode, followed by :wq to write and quit in a single command.

This Node.js application simply listens on the specified IP address and port, and returns "Hello World" with a 200 HTTP success code. This means that the application is only reachable from servers on the same private network, such as our web server.

If you want to test if your application works, run this node command on the app server:
```
node hello.js
``` 
Note: Running a Node.js application in this manner will block additional commands until the application is killed by pressing CTRL+C.

It will save a lot of Nginx debugging if we first test that our web server is able to communicate with the Node.js application on app.

In order to test the application, open another terminal session and connect to your web server. Because the web server is on the same private network, it should be able to reach the private IP address of the app server using curl. Be sure to substitute in the app server’s private IP address for APP_PRIVATE_IP_ADDRESS, and the port if you changed it:
```
curl http://APP_PRIVATE_IP_ADDRESS:8080
``` 
If you see the following output, the application is working properly and listening on the proper IP address and port:

Node Application Output
Hello World
If you do not see the proper output, make sure that your Node.js application is running, and configured to listen on the proper IP address and port.

On the app server, be sure to kill the application by pressing CTRL+C.