Now that your application is running, and listening on a private IP address, you need to set up a way for your users to access it. We will set up an Nginx web server as a reverse proxy for this purpose. This tutorial will set up an Nginx server from scratch. If you already have an Nginx server setup, you can just copy the location block into the server block of your choice (make sure the location does not conflict with any of your web server’s existing content).

On the web server, let’s install the epel-release package using yum:
```
sudo yum install epel-release
``` 
Then install Nginx:
```
sudo yum install nginx
``` 
Now open the Nginx configuration file for editing:
```
sudo vi /etc/nginx/nginx.conf
``` 
First, find the line where server_name is defined, within the default server block. It should look something like this:

nginx.conf excerpt — server_name (before)
```
server_name _;
``` 
Update the server name to substitute the underscore (_) with your own domain name for the server_name directive (or IP address if you don’t have a domain set up).

nginx.conf excerpt — server_name (after)
```
server_name your-domain;
``` 
Then, find the line where location / is defined (usually a few lines below the server_name), within the same default server block. It should look something like this:

nginx.conf excerpt — location / (before)
```
location / {
}
``` 
Replace it with the following code block and be sure to substitute the app server private IP address for the APP_PRIVATE_IP_ADDRESS. Additionally, change the port (8080) if your application is set to listen on a different port:

/etc/nginx/nginx.conf excerpt — location / (after)
```
location / {
    proxy_pass http://APP_PRIVATE_IP_ADDRESS:8080;
    proxy_http_version 1.1;
    proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
    proxy_set_header Connection 'upgrade';
    proxy_set_header Host $host;
    proxy_cache_bypass $http_upgrade;
}
``` 
This configures the web server to respond to requests at its root. Assuming our server is available at your-domain, accessing http://your-domain/ via a web browser would send the request to the application server’s private IP address on port 8080, which would be received and replied to by the Node.js application.

You can add additional location blocks to the same server block to provide access to other applications on the same web server. For example, if you were also running another Node.js application on the app server on port 8081, you could add this location block to allow access to it via http://your-domain/app2:

Nginx Configuration — Additional Locations
```
location /app2 {
    proxy_pass http://APP_PRIVATE_IP_ADDRESS:8081;
    proxy_http_version 1.1;
    proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
    proxy_set_header Connection 'upgrade';
    proxy_set_header Host $host;
    proxy_cache_bypass $http_upgrade;
}
``` 
Once you are done editing the location block(s) for your application(s), save and exit by pressing ESC to exit --INSERT-- mode, followed by :wq to write and quit in a single command.

On the web server, restart Nginx:
```
sudo systemctl start nginx
``` 
Next we want to ensure that Nginx runs whenever the server restarts:
```
sudo systemctl enable nginx
``` 
The enable command should provide the following Output

Output
Created symlink from /etc/systemd/system/multi-user.target.wants/nginx.service to /usr/lib/systemd/system/nginx.service.
You can also confirm that Nginx is running and is enabled, by requesting its status from systemctl:
```
sudo systemctl status nginx
``` 
The status command will output configuration information for the Nginx service:
```
Output
● nginx.service - The nginx HTTP and reverse proxy server
   Loaded: loaded (/usr/lib/systemd/system/nginx.service; enabled; vendor preset: disabled)
   Active: active (running) since Mon 2019-10-14 09:37:23 UTC; 3min 29s ago
 Main PID: 12818 (nginx)
   CGroup: /system.slice/nginx.service
           ├─12818 nginx: master process /usr/sbin/nginx
           └─12819 nginx: worker process

Oct 14 09:37:23 centos-s-1vcpu-1gb-sgp1-01 systemd[1]: Starting The nginx HTTP and reverse proxy server...
Oct 14 09:37:23 centos-s-1vcpu-1gb-sgp1-01 nginx[12814]: nginx: the configuration file /etc/nginx/nginx.conf syntax is ok
Oct 14 09:37:23 centos-s-1vcpu-1gb-sgp1-01 nginx[12814]: nginx: configuration file /etc/nginx/nginx.conf test is successful
Oct 14 09:37:23 centos-s-1vcpu-1gb-sgp1-01 systemd[1]: Failed to read PID from file /run/nginx.pid: Invalid argument
Oct 14 09:37:23 centos-s-1vcpu-1gb-sgp1-01 systemd[1]: Started The nginx HTTP and reverse proxy server.
```
Finally, provide Nginx with the ability to relay traffic through Security-Enhanced Linux (SELinux). SELinux provides a security layer that implements Mandatory Access Control (MAC) in the Linux Kernel. Each operating system object (process, file descriptor, file, etc.) is labeled with an SELinux context that defines the permissions and operations the object can perform.

Nginx is labelled with the httpd_t context and as a result, has a number of configurations blocked by SELinux unless explicitly allowed. To demonstrate this, run the following command to confirm the Nginx service is labelled httpd_t:
```
ps -eZ
``` 
This command provides process status information, search for the Nginx specific process information to see the label. You will see the httpd_t, in a similar manner to the following:
```
Output
...
system_u:system_r:httpd_t:s0    10208 ?        00:00:00 nginx
system_u:system_r:httpd_t:s0    10209 ?        00:00:00 nginx
...
```
Now let’s check the status of the default booleans related to the httpd_t SELinux label. We can show this information by running the following command:
```
getsebool -a
``` 
We are only interested in the httpd related booleans for this tutorial:
```
Output
...
httpd_anon_write --> off
httpd_builtin_scripting --> on
httpd_can_check_spam --> off
httpd_can_connect_ftp --> off
httpd_can_connect_ldap --> off
httpd_can_connect_mythtv --> off
httpd_can_connect_zabbix --> off
httpd_can_network_connect --> off
httpd_can_network_connect_cobbler --> off
httpd_can_network_connect_db --> off
httpd_can_network_memcache --> off
httpd_can_network_relay --> off
httpd_can_sendmail --> off
httpd_dbus_avahi --> off
httpd_dbus_sssd --> off
httpd_dontaudit_search_dirs --> off
httpd_enable_cgi --> on
httpd_enable_ftp_server --> off
httpd_enable_homedirs --> off
httpd_execmem --> off
httpd_graceful_shutdown --> on
httpd_manage_ipa --> off
httpd_mod_auth_ntlm_winbind --> off
httpd_mod_auth_pam --> off
httpd_read_user_content --> off
httpd_run_ipa --> off
httpd_run_preupgrade --> off
httpd_run_stickshift --> off
httpd_serve_cobbler_files --> off
httpd_setrlimit --> off
httpd_ssi_exec --> off
httpd_sys_script_anon_write --> off
httpd_tmp_exec --> off
httpd_tty_comm --> off
httpd_unified --> off
httpd_use_cifs --> off
httpd_use_fusefs --> off
httpd_use_gpg --> off
httpd_use_nfs --> off
httpd_use_openstack --> off
httpd_use_sasl --> off
httpd_verify_dns --> off
...
```
The two booleans of particular note, are httpd_can_network_connect and httpd_can_network_relay. The Redhat Documentation provides detail on each of the httpd booleans and their associated function (should you wish to find out more about each boolean), although following are the explanations of the two booleans that relate to this tutorial:
```
...
httpd_can_network_connect: When disabled, this Boolean prevents HTTP scripts and modules from initiating a connection to a network or remote port. Enable this Boolean to allow this access.
httpd_can_network_relay: Enable this Boolean when httpd is being used as a forward or reverse proxy.
...
```

Since our configuration is only relaying traffic, we just need to tell SELinux that the httpd server, in our case Nginx, can use the network to relay traffic in the reverse proxy configuration that we have set up. We will use the -P flag, to ensure that the changes are permanent (omitting this flag will result in httpd_can_network_relay reverting to its default state, off, upon restart of the server):
```
sudo setsebool -P httpd_can_network_relay on
``` 
Assuming that your Node.js application is running, and your application and Nginx configurations are correct, you should be able to access your application via the reverse proxy of the web server. Try it out by accessing your web server’s URL (its public IP address or domain name).

Note: If you were also planning on using your web server to host other sites (as conventional virtual hosts), then you will also need to set the httpd_can_network_connect to on.